[docs] Add initial documentation for read-write mode (#3951)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/operators-guide/run-production-environment/scaling-out.md

When running Grafana Mimir in monolithic mode, you can safely scale up to any number of instances.
To scale down the Grafana Mimir cluster, see [Scaling down ingesters](#scaling-down-ingesters).

> ## Read-Write mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Read-write mode
```

> When running Grafana Mimir in Read-Write mode, you can safely scale up any of the services.

Reviewer 2: Can we use a different naming than "service"? Service can be easily misunderstood with K8S Service. What if we just call them components, like in microservices?

> When running Grafana Mimir in Read-Write mode, you can safely scale up any of the 3 components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Grafana Mimir in read-write mode, you can safely scale up any of the three components.
```
Please change all instances of `R` and `W` to `r` and `w` in inline text.

> When running Grafana Mimir in read-write mode, you can safely scale up any of the three components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running Grafana Mimir in read-write mode, you can safely scale up any of the following three components:
```

> The Mimir-Read service can be safely scaled up and down as it is stateless (an autoscaler may also be used).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Mimir read service can be safely scaled up and down as it is stateless (an autoscaler may also be used).
```

> The Mimir-Backend service can be safely scaled down in one zone at a time. As it contains the store-gateway, see [Scaling down store-gateways](#scaling-down-store-gateways).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Mimir backend service can be safely scaled down in one zone at a time. As it contains the store-gateway, see [Scaling down store-gateways](#scaling-down-store-gateways).
```

> To scale down the Mimir-Write service, see [Scaling down ingesters](#scaling-down-ingesters).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To scale down the Mimir write service, see [Scaling down ingesters](#scaling-down-ingesters).
```

> The Mimir read component can be safely scaled up and down as it is stateless (an autoscaler may also be used).
> 
> The Mimir backend component can be safely scaled down in one zone at a time. As it contains the store-gateway, see [Scaling down store-gateways](#scaling-down-store-gateways).
> 
> To scale down the Mimir write component, see [Scaling down ingesters](#scaling-down-ingesters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can safely scale the Mimir read component up or down because it is stateless. You could also use an autoscaler.

* You can safely scale the Mimir backend component down within one zone at a time. Because it contains the store-gateway, for more information see [Scaling down store-gateways](#scaling-down-store-gateways).

* To scale down the Mimir write component, see [Scaling down ingesters](#scaling-down-ingesters).
```

Reviewer: Please vet this  "as" -> "because" change for accuracy. (I assume you did not mean "while".)

Author: Yep, thank you.
